Area of Improvement:
Asian Knowledgebase
Why should we care:
Speeding up Staff onboarding
Retain knowledge
Boost productivity, Faster and better decision making
Improving staff engagement
Current situation
large number of low quality and outdated articles
Lack of procedure of maintenance
poor integration of Asian KB with existing operation.

Goal
Fully upgrate current Asian KB to make it catch up with current operation.
Create cultivate knowledge sharing culture to keep Asian KB constantly envolved.

Stage One
Asian Knowledgebase Upgrate
Take 3-6 months Fully upgrate current Asian KB to make it catch up with current operation.

Preparations
Waht is the Asian KB structure
What kind of content should be added into Asian KB
Who review and write articles
Who update the changes to Asian KB


Improved Internal communication and collaboration
Efficiency and Retention
Faster Advisor On boarding


It’s a vital function.
It’s lack of maintenance.
Outdated. But it’s a vital tool.
Difficulties
Culture
Resources
Skill
Plan:
It’s big project, divide it into two stages.
Stage 1: upgrade Asian KB.
Objective is to update the existing Asian KB to useful standard.
Set up categories.
Decide who to review/re-write articles
Supervisors
Brief meeting. Explain the expectations. Give examples. Follow the guidelines when creating a new article.
Set up deadline.
Review the articles with manager.
Once action plan is approved. Update them in Asian KB.
Who update Asian KB. 
Small groups of senior supervisors.
Training. Practise.
Once articles were approved, update them to Asian KB.
Stage 2: Keeping update Asian KB, Article auditing, get Asian KB fully involve in day to day task, training, new procedure publishing.
Ensure every new procedure is released on Asian KB. 
Weekly task. Supervisor/Team Leader to review any new changes should be added to Asian KB.
Monthly Asian Knowledgebase Audit
Review Cycle
Each article should to be reviewed every 6 months. The following example illustrates how the periodic review cycle works.

Sending Review outcome, which include which articles have been reviewed.
If changes are required, send request change email to management individual mailbox, CC supervisor.
Implementing Asian KB to training.
Encourage advisors to add content or suggestions.
