Investigation Meeting Summary
	Date: 27/02/2022
	Time: 15:00
	Meeting Room: S5
	Meeting via verbal
	
Mingtao: This is the investigation meeting regarding to your feedback about advisor Chenglin. Could you tell me what exactly happened on that day.

Shun: A customer contacted us via phone to report a website issue. Chenglin answered this call at that time. Floor walking TL: Yang Wu advise Chenglin to guide the customer to run a trace route test and sent us a screenshot of the error page. Chenglin said to Yang: Are you sure you want this guy to provide a trace route? This customer was born in 1959.

After I heard what Chenglin said, I said to him that could you ask the customer apart from in-play what else part of website is slow. Could you ask the customer to do a trace route test and send us the screenshot of the error page.

Then Chenglin replied me ‘I can’t do it, this customer speaks very offensively（说话很冲）. This guy was born in 1959, he can’t even spell letters. I don’t believe he’s capable to complete trace route test.’

I told him: Could you make a try first? You can offer him some bonus.

Chenglin rejected my request directly. He said ‘I can’t do it. If you think he can do a trace route test, can you take over the call. He’s born in 1959. He might not understand how to use email.

Then floor walking TL: Wu Yang proposed that she can take over the call.

Because Wu Yang is a floor walking TL. I didn’t agree. I asked duty TL: Xi Chen whether there is someone else can take this call.

Xi Cheng asked advisor Roger if he can postponed the dinner and take over the call. 

After Roger confirmed he can, we let Chenglin to transfer the call to him.

This is what’s happened on that day.

Mingtao: What else do you need to add?

Shun: I listened back to the call. This customer is not offensive at all. On the contrary, it’s a very nice customer. The customer spoken with a bit of accent. He spell his username using Pinyin. I don’t think Chenglin’s unable to understand what the customer said. He kept saying this guy was born 1959. But I don’t think we can have age discrimination. Besides the decision making of whether we should request trace route from the customer should be mine.

Mingtao: ok. I have listened back to the call as well. I don’t think this customer is offensive. Is there anything else.

Shun: No.

Mingtao: ok. Thanks for your attending this meeting.
