Investigation Meeting note
	Date: 27/02/2022
	Time: 15:30
	Meeting Room: S5
	Meeting via phone
	

	

	Mingtao: This is the investigation meeting.

Chenglin: what’s it all about?

Mingtao. There’s a customer contacted us via phone to report website issue. You are the one who answered the call. Duty supervisor: Shun Hong asked you to try to request trace route from the customer, but you rejected the customer’s request. Therefore, I want to hereby to find out what’s happened at that time from your side.

Chenglin: At that time Yang Wu asked me to request trace route. I replied Yang Wu that this customer was born in the 60th. He’s definitely unable to it. So we don’t’ need to do it, ok？

Then, Shun came to ask me to request trace route from the customer.

I replied him that this customer was born in the 60th. He’s even unable to spell all the letters. I don’t think this customer’s capable to complete a trace route. I can’t do it.

Mingtao: Did you replied Shun that I can’t do it, this customer speak very offensively (说话很冲)?

Chenglin: I didn’t say that the customer speak very offensively. I just told Shun this person was born in 60th. He can’t spell all the letters. He can’t even describe the issue. I don’t think the customer’s able to complete a trace route test.

Mingtao: Supervisor requested you to guide the customer to do trace route, When customer’s experiencing a website issue. Do you think whether it’s a reasonable request?

Chenglin: it’s a reasonable request. However, supervisor also needs to listen to my opinion, because I was the one who deal with the phone call. Based on my communication with the customer, and the age of the customer, I know the customer’s definitely unable to do the trace route. I think supervisor should listen to advisor’s opinion. If I know the egg is stinky, why do I have to taste it to prove that the egg is stinky.

Mingtao：Did you tell Shun if he thought the customer can do trace route, he can take over the call?

Chenglin: I can’t remember what I exactly said. I told Shun I’m not capable to obtain the trace route from the customer. If he think he’s capable do it, he can take over the call. That’s what I mean. But I can’t remember what I exactly said. Also I think this investigation is unfair to me. Shun made a complaint against me. He got enough time to prepare it. You should have do the investigation on Friday or yesterday. It’s been 48 hours, I can’t remember a lot of details.

Mingtao: When a supervisor asked you to request a traceroute from the customer, you replied supervisor I’m incapable to do it, if he think he’s capable to do it, he can take over the call. Do you think it’s appropriate way to communicate with supervisor?

Chenglin: do you think the approach the supervisor handled this contact is appropriate.

Mingtao: Ok. I’m summarize what you said. Correct me, if you find anything inaccurate.

Chenglin: ok.

Mingtao: For the customer’s contact on Friday, when floor walking TL Yang Wu advise you to request trace route, you initially said to her that ‘the customer’s born in the 60th, he can’t even spell full letters. We won’t have to let him do trace route, will we?’ Then Shun came to you and asked you to try to obtain trace route from the customer. Your reply is that this customer’s born in the 60th, he can’t spell full letters, he can’t describe the issue clearly. This customer’s definitely incapable to do a trace route. Shun still asked you to have a try and can offer bonus to the customer. Then you replied Shun that this customer definitely can’t do the trace route, You’re incapable to get the trace route. If Shun thought he can get it, he can take over the call. 
You can’t remember the full details, because it’s been 48 hours since this happened.

Chenglin: Not that simple. I explained the same thing to Shun for several times. Shun still asked me to request trace route. I can’t remember the full details.

Mingtao: Then you transferred the call to Roger. That’s what has happened at that time, right?

Chenglin: it’s correct.

Mingtao: what’s your reason of rejecting supervisor’s request?

Chenglin: This’s customer can’t even spell his username, he’s unable to describe the issue clearly and he’s born in the 60th. Taking into account the above factors, I think the customer’s incapable to do a trace route test. If I know the egg is stinky, why do I have to taste it to prove that the egg is stinky.

Mingtao: When a supervisor asked you to request a traceroute from the customer, you replied supervisor I’m incapable to do it, if he think he’s capable to do it, he can take over the call. When I asked whether you think it’s appropriate way to communicate with supervisor, your answer is to ask me whether you think the approach the supervisor handled the contact is appropriate. Is it right?

Chenglin: I'll re-answer the question. If you ask me whether I think it’s an appropriate way to communicate with supervisor, my answer is it’s inappropriate. However, I also think the approach the supervisor handled the contact is also inappropriate. Because the supervisor made his decision without considering all the factors. I don’t think he ever considered my explanation and my feedback about the customer. This customer’s incapable to do a traceroute, no matter who took over the call. And the final result proved I was right about it.

Mingtao: Do you have anything to add?

Chenglin: I want to make a formal complaint against Shun.

Mingtao: What is the complaint all about?

Chenglin: It’s a similar case happened about half year ago. I called a customer at least 4 or 5 times to request trace route, which was also requested by Shun. When the customer clearly said not to call me anymore and he was approached by the police, and I have passed what customer said to Shun, he still asked me to call the customer 2 or 3 times to request trace route.
As a supervisor, Shun did not use his power in a reasonable manner. He didn’t fully understand customer ethos, which has caused trouble to the customer. That’s the reason for my complaint against him.

Mingtao: Do you have the evidence?

Chenglin：for that contact, I don’t have. I don’t have the call IDs and I can’t remember the username. It’s about 6 months ago. I understand we are not responsible for one customer, we are responsible for all the customers. I understand we need trace route from customer to resolve their issue. But the prerequisite for solving a problem is not to cause excessive distress to the customer. Shun has caused excessive distress to that customer. About this Friday’ contact, in case where the customer’s already impatient, we should not add fuel to the fire and try to force him to do what he’s incapable to do. Instead, we should provide him a better customer experience. The way things turned out in this case also proved my judgement is right and Shu’s judgement is wrong. The customer’s unable to do the trace route test no matter who handled this contact.

Mingtao: About your formal complaint, can you send an email to us?

Chenglin: I will.

Mingtao: anything else?

Chenglin: I need to point out that this investigation is conducted in an unfair environment. Because Shun has enough time to prepare it, but I don’t have enough time to prepare it. I’m not saying the investigation should be conducted on the same day, but you should do it yesterday. It’s been over 48 hours, the gap is a little bigger. You have asked me a lot of details which I can’t fully remember. So I think this investigation is conducted in an unfair environment.

Mingtao: Ok. I have wrote down what you said. Anything else.

Chenglin: no.




