The support agent shows zero empathy for disgruntled customers.
So if you're not paying attention to customers' expectations, your company's reputation will suffer because of the poor service experience.
empathy means putting the customer first in everything you do.
Empathy is also a vital customer service skill, so when you’re employing support agents, it’s something to look for in candidates. High-performing teams have agents who are driven to help people – they really love interacting with customers.
How can you encourage empathy?
It might mean letting your agents take more time with a customer to help resolve their problem instead of putting them under pressure to finish a call quickly.
It also helps when your technology lets agents provide proactive support – it's better for everyone when agents can identify problems before they arise.
All of this builds up to a customer-centric experience that can have a huge impact on loyalty.

The agent doesn't listen to customers' complaints
We like taking naps too, but listening to an unhappy customer is important.
Just the words 'customer complaint' probably make you feel a little apprehensive. But the truth is, no business can avoid customer complaints completely.
Five tips for handling upset customers
Stay calm and moderate in tone when dealing with a confrontational customer
When someone is upset, one of the main things they want is to feel heard
Take your time. Patience in itself can be calming. Let them think that you've got all day
Actively listen, acknowledge that their problem is real and apologise for the trouble
Tell them the steps that you're taking to correct the situation

The agent treats customers with contempt
Everyone has good days and bad days. And your agents will have busy times when they can’t get to everyone.
Poor customer service happens now and then, and it isn't necessarily anyone's fault.
However, you need to make sure that your agents are well trained to be polite and professional during every customer interaction.
This sometimes means taking the time to say, 'I’m happy to help you! Would you mind waiting a moment? I’m sorry for the inconvenience.'

Prioritizing company policy above the customer needs.
Ignoring customer feedback.

Lazy listening
Declining to de-escalate

Using Negative Language
Using the right tone and language is just one aspect of a great customer service attitude. Your customers want to feel as though your agents have the solution for every problem, even if they don’t. Customers who encounter agents saying they don’t know how to help them cannot inspire confidence and are likely to feel disillusioned with your over all service. Training agents to stay positive and approach issues with a can-do approach is essential, to minimize the risk of callers ending interactions with an unpleasant experience. 

With Playvox, you have the freedom to monitor and evaluate each agent’s customer interactions and tone with custom scorecards. Did Agent X introduce themselves properly and offer to help with the problem reported? Was Agent Y friendly and positive throughout? If the scorecards show they didn’t, you know where to direct further training.

Rude Behavior and Bad Attitudes
Everyone has good days and bad days. Your agents will go through times when they just cannot stand the thought of talking to another customer. It happens.
However, you need to make sure they remain professional and polite in every call, even when customers are hurling personal abuse their way. The trick is to find the quickest solution for the caller’s problem and remember that there’s no need to respond with anger.

Your scorecards can be constructed to measure how warm and welcoming agents are.

Do they greet the caller and introduce themselves by name?
Do they listen to the customer and identify the issue when it’s first presented?

Thoughtlessly following the protocol while it only makes things worse

Do they ask the caller if there’s anything else they can help with at the end of the interaction?
